A 65-year-old male presented complaints of nausea and vomiting for 72 hours. He also noted that he had many bug bites.  The patient further stated that he also had a questionable meal before he started feeling nauseous. Patient appears diaphoretic and flush in the face. The patient complained of extreme nausea during examination.  Laboratory results showed increased PT and INR, elevated ALT and positive rapid-diagnostic-test for falciparum. The patient was diagnosed with uncomplicated falciparum malaria.  The patient was treated with Atovaquone-proguanil 4 tabs qd for three days.  
A 23-year-old complained of abdominal pain for three days and a fever of 40 degrees centigrade. He had abdominal tenderness. There were no other abnormalities. Laboratory test results showed Pfalciparum-infected erythrocytes. A rapid immunographic test result for Pfalciparum was positive. The patient was initially treated with intravenous quinine and improved after one day. After which he was treated with four tablets of atovaquone-proguanil qd for three days. His feces contained Schistosoma-mansoni eggs. He was then successfully treated with praziquantel.
A 34-year-old woman from Sierra Leone was seen at an emergency department in the Netherlands because of periodic spiking fever that lasted for two weeks. Besides the fever, she had abdominal pain and arthralgia since that time. She noticed that her symptoms felt like malaria. At a physical examination, she did not appear sick or anemic. Abdominal examination showed uterine fibroids. Laboratory test examination were performed and showed an infection with Pfalciparum. The patient was treated with Atovaquone-proguanil 4 tabs qd for three days.
A 67-year-old female presented complaints of fatigue and subjective fevers for the past 2 days. Patient complained that her fevers were associated with headaches. Lab Blood smears were positive for Pfalciparum malaria at 9.6% and reticulocyte count was reported at 3.2%. Patient was started on quinine 648mg and doxycycline 100mg, intravenous (IV) fluids, Lantus 21 U, Lispro 7 U.
An 11-year-old boy was admitted due to sustained fever for 10 days prior to admission. He presented with fever and chills. Three days before admission to the hospital, he developed stomach-ache and had several episodes of vomiting. He also complained about myalgia. On admission, his physical examination revealed a high-grade fever. He looked sick and had a flushed face. He had mildly injected conjunctivae and pharynx, mildly enlarged tonsils and left submandibular lymphadenopathy, He had tachycardia. He had mild tenderness on the upper right side of the abdomen and epigastrium, without abdominal distension, guarding or rebound tenderness. His liver was mildly enlarged with firm and sharp margins without tenderness. His spleen was normal. He had drowsiness but good orientations to time, place and person. Laboratory studies showed few ring-form trophozoites of Pfalciparum in normal-sized red cells. The patient was diagnosed with Pfalciparum malaria and dengue co-infection. The patient received artesunate as an antimalarial medication intravenously due to poor oral intake for 4 days. He also received mefloquine on the second day of admission, and primaquine to kill gametocytes before he was discharged from the hospital. Owing to poor oral intake, he received a normal saline infusion for hydration for 7 days. 
This is a case report of an 8-year-old that presented with a high grade fever, said to be intermittent, and associated with chills and rigors, with vomiting of 5 days. He had previously been on antibiotics for the treatment of tonsillitis, but his clinical state didn't improve. His temperature spiked to as high as 40.1 degrees centigrade. On examination, he was febrile, weak, moderately dehydrated. Blood samples were taken for various tests including Rapid-Diagnostic-test for malaria which was negative, a blood film for malaria parasite, however revealed numerous trophozoites of the plasmodium falciparum and gametocytes which signified acute malaria. His Hemogram showed an elevated neutrophil count and his renal function was normal.  He was promptly treated with an artesunate combination therapy after the diagnosis of acute malaria was made.
A 14-year-old female was brought in and admitted to the hospital with repeated convulsions since the past two days, giddiness, skin rash, muscle aches and recurring fever with chills. On arrival, the patient was febrile (38.3 degrees centigrade), confused and unresponsive. Microscopic slides of thick and thin Giemsa-stained blood smears showed the presence of trophozoites and schizonts of Pvivax with 2.0% parasitaemia. Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) also confirmed the presence of Pvivax in the blood sample. The tests confirmed that the patient was suffering from cerebral malaria and severe thrombocytopenia solely due to Pvivax. Patient was treated with injection ceftriaxone and artesunate in combination with primaquine along with intravenous (IV) fluids. Platelet transfusion was also administered. The patient made full recovery in six days. 
The uncomplicated Pvivax malaria patient was a 12-year old male who was brought in with recurring fever with chills (38 degrees centigrade) since the past three days and headache. Laboratory investigations showed all results within the normal range and preliminary diagnosis with RDT and microscopy revealed the presence of Pvivax infection. Thick and thin Geimsa-stained blood smears showed Pvivax asexual stages, trophozoites and schizonts with 1.5% parasitaemia. This uncomplicated vivax malaria patient was treated with chloroquine (25 mg/kg) for three days following which, the patient recovered.
A 30-year-old Japanese woman was referred to our hospital because of 7 days of fever and renal failure. On admission, the patient was alert. She was jaundiced. Her abnormal blood laboratory findings on admission were as follows: No bacteria were found in her blood culture, but ring forms of Pfalciparum were found in her blood smear (parasitemia, 25%). She was diagnosed as having falciparum malaria complicated with renal failure. She received daily administrations of 420 mg of a quinine base intravenously, 200 mg of an artesunate and 750 mg of mefloquine orally. After three days, blood smear examinations revealed no Pfalciparum.
A 28-years-old apparently healthy Indian female presented to a polyclinic with a 4 days history of intermittent fever and shortness of breath and she was drowsy and confused, respiratory distress, hemodynamic instability and deterioration of renal function.  CBC revealed normocytic normochromic anemia, non-conscious with severe hypotension.   Physical Examination she appeared ill Nonconscious. Treatment started as noradrenaline infusion, ARDS ventilation protocol and continuous renal replacement therapy. Came positive for MRSA. She started oral Meropenem, Vancomycin and Levofloxacin.  Thick and thin blood films were done. Thin film showed that infected RBCs are slightly enlarged, Multishaped irregular ameboid parasite; large chromatin dot and a vacuole were seen. Diagnostic points Red cells containing parasites are usually enlarged. Schuffner-dots are frequently present in the red cells as shown above. The mature ring forms tend to be large and coarse. Developing forms are frequently present. Diagnosis. Positive Pvivax   Rapid Antigen detection test: Positive Pvivax. Started Quinine in a dose of 600 mg I.V. the patient had tonic-clonic seizures treated with midazolam and phenytoin. Urgent CT brain done revealed signs suggestive of cerebral malaria. MRI brain was done and it was suggestive of extensive vasculitis related to malaria. She started primaquine for 14 days to avoid relapse.   The patient was discharged one month after hospitalization, having made a full clinical and microbiologic recovery.
